[Music]
with friends what's up idiots welcome to
art I hope this works
[Laughter]
okay change a thing about this see the
sims one was the best one stupid I had
no idea that this could be done yeah
oh we can still we could still okay it's
better a little better okay
saturation do we want to make them red
yeah no I look as believable as possible
yeah that's about as good as we're
getting mask height yes oh I'm so glad
you know what let me try this one more
time I want to get his glasses yeah I'm
happy with that
yeah that's pretty good okay we're good
the dress like Peter Griffin okay it's
getting there I mean this might be like
oh you can change the color of that yeah
all right
he's got no pants yeah that's actually
don't know what kind of shoes he he
wears cool white sneakers like this is
gonna I would assume it was yeah like
canvas shoes or something that's
literally him yeah there we go
it's quite literally the critic what
happened to the nostalgia critic iconic
gun you remember his iconic gun he
starts shooting kids with it so they
took it away
okay let's save this name critique call
the top the head Doug and the bottom
Walker
dog walker dog walker what up with grog
nar the Vanquisher up this literal thor
that's like yeah it's still like the
outfit is still very distinctly the
stuff I have to applaud you on that at
least we nailed the body hmm now we got
to make the other two that's true knees
classic garb right there okay spoonie is
is specifically your wheelhouse Chris
yeah neither I or tomar have any clue
who the hell he is relying entirely on
your sensibilities if we're gonna make
critic in liquor we got to have spoon
just to the right seven that's almost
exactly bling Cara's outfit right there
wait wait go to go to the right there's
there's another contender for Linkara
this one yeah no you know what Spoony
did used to wear something like this in
the video where he [__] girls in his
bed does Spoony spoon efox I refuse to
believe this that was his unique trait
within the group so one of these has to
be spoon
[Laughter]
okay I don't think you change anything
else I wouldn't
that doesn't even have the right hair
color but [__] it okay we good and then
we need Louis now which one of these
heads reflects him best the great Wayne
Cara has luscious long mrs. Ling Cara
yeah I didn't I didn't know his real
name dude this one was pretty good yeah
that's kind of yeah his face is
occupying it like let's give them both
the same body
you got a link Cara his garb is classic
garb wait what does it look like if you
just make his face as tiny as you can
it's just like cars a real mouth on this
guy just no matter how bad he has to
know that he's happy underneath wait no
that was his smile that was his true
smile ruther no yeah that's the true
smile there you go look at that mmm yeah
that looks perfect
I couldn't be much better yeah that's
real solid that's all okay Michael
window open this is cool hello babe I
think you need to put him in something
overly formal overly for we go there we
go
that's cool [__] that's what I'm talking
about tuck it into the shorts again Oh
tomar look at that the three snuggle
heads
I like how little effort we put into
Spoony
that's what he would do yeah I guess he
doesn't put effort into himself well a
new world
sticks and stones our eligible bachelors
are gonna live in a place like this you
know this is a cool taste of things to
come also that their little classic Sims
diamonds are the wrong shape really yeah
well this is before they settled on like
a final shape for the diamonds yeah at
least in those other shots no they
looked and looked normal to me in that
last one you know that last one was the
same he's thinking about Abraham Lincoln
in the hot tub these [__] guys are
sick
oh they're still talking about Lincoln
he's gonna be very topical in this I
guess this was made a long time ago he
was probably recent history yeah yeah I
think like it was still president when
this came out they were like you know we
should really put something on those 1
cent coins they're really they're really
jingling my jammies
well damn it okay let's do okay first of
all the tutorial house who's living in
here kick them out to them oh look it's
tomar Wow landlord tomar ready that is
me I would just like to live here with
my prior life tour why do you [__]
wear that [__] you'd slob I try to avoid
lighter colors like that they make my
belly more obvious that Jack see that's
Betty that's just Betty Bob let's not
talk about Betty oh yeah sorry [__] this
stupid how do we get long enough since
uh since the incident it's been long
since Betty how do we go back look at
you in a prior life watering flowers
just whipped absolutely whipped I'm glad
you got out man now [__] Bob and Betty
we're gonna [__] destroy their house
uh [__] all these disgusting you don't
want have any neighbors hell no what
about the super rich neighbors in the
north is gonna be living in that house I
want to get rid of everyone I want to
have my own neighborhood and not have
neighbors this is the peak of channel
awesome they were living large though we
get to create the family now yes the
pleasant new roomies what are you gonna
call this family the awesomes the
schmucko heads wait law I'll do me a
favor yeah look up do don't do the ass
the last name Oh
schmuck low head can you look up
nostalgia critic the three and see what
autofill puts in wait so they actually
that's group of three people has
specifically like named their trio yeah
the three schmuck heads historical
accuracy mad at or we gotta find his
dumbass body look at all those careers
he could have had I know it's not fair
where is it I think you just passed it
enough Peter Pan yeah Peter Griffin
installs critic and he's a woman oh [__]
okay my wildest dreams okay this is
critic Creek critic schmuck head he is
pretty neat he's not very outgoing he's
pretty active Pretty Polly I would say
playful would be as highest at Yemen and
then I would say I would take one off of
active really yeah why I would maybe
take one off of neat too well that's why
this is the office looks really neat
yeah but he wears
barely managed ty he died I'm pretty
sure in Canon he doesn't know how to tie
a tie your [__] did you know anything
about install G critic oh okay just go
out despite me his mean you're making
him real mean which I guess he is mean
which do you think is more likely it's a
clip-on or he just had someone tie it
for him once so as he has never been
tied it's in I think that's what
happened the second one started the
biggest critic enterprises on planet
Earth loves his gun from Batman Forever
yeah there you go okay there we go
this little dueling car okay okay where
is he where's our little guy that's Pune
I was Spoony lose tomar yeah mmm why
can't we finally Kara dude I'm gonna be
sad if you didn't save I did
yeah and I've watched you save all three
of them did you maybe accidentally make
him a girl and that's why he's not
showing you no I don't think so I think
that you suspected was him lead look it
definitely looked like the hair that you
had on there is oh why was that
no glasses why did it give him glasses I
probably did it detect that think it
detected him with glasses on or so uh
what I think happened is we picked a
head that had glasses assigned to it and
it just overlays and last as though he
does thanks can they look so stupid yeah
they're not that kind of glasses right
whatever
oh how embarrassing doesn't look like
him at all anymore
there it is that you made yeah should we
go back and do it again I don't want to
but I feel like we should yeah we should
[__] that means we're gonna have to make
a link or a nostalgia criticsm again
okay let's try this one more time
that's Spoony yeah there we go and then
find his classic yes Moony the just like
this sort of bomb outfit yeah we could
put him in the Peter Griffin outfit you
put him in a toga oh god those guys
before or after he became sad this is
after alibi his face you should make him
ripped does snows work out okay
classic spooning he's not I would not
put a single point in the need let me do
that oh you can't make it compose cuz he
doesn't have a name okay sorry Spoony
swine spiny is it with an e wires the
what I think's just the Y yeah spoonie
schmuck head yes we're getting there
I hate the way they're looking around
like that you just got to keep the faith
Chris okay I guess you're right there it
is back with a new lease on life I have
become more please his his three-piece
suit plus shorts too wait you think Doug
Walker is more what is what is this
spread if you think Doug Walker has
better hygiene than Linkara
look hurt no weakling car is the kind of
guy that likes sanitizes his hands after
every interaction hey wait why is he the
most active oh god you know it's
bothering me I need to added I made his
name capitals there we go there we go
all done are you sure we good we now
have an official schmuck head family
okay let's move them in move them into
what you bulldozed everything uh eight
grand maybe we should start off a little
cheaper what do you guys think yeah yeah
they should all be in like a one-bedroom
apartment really doing they're just
moaning at the street its how channel
awesome came to be this is like that
Pixar lunch or whatever critic talk to
link are gonna have to share a bedroom
initially we don't have enough money to
build them each their own in the back
credit card it's pretty good that's
Ellie it's not bad come on it's kind of
like when I used to live it let's see
how well they could fit together in
there god I haven't played this since I
was like 12 should we give them a door I
think that's appropriate for the time
being
leave that not bad okay that spoonie's
[Laughter]
room is the Nexus that connects at all
this is the shittiest house in the world
let's not give them windows they don't
deserve light there you go like that god
I love this UK and now let's buy them
some stuff this is before the housing
market crash to keep that in mind
there's no there's no spooty can't have
but otherwise roads no that's fine they
can get in oh you're right no you're
right you sleep on like a beanbag chair
or something okay how about we do this
sets booties Beth wait how do you
somebody's gotta sleep outside
well give Spoony the master bedroom but
yeah they have to walk through it to get
to the bathroom
so yeah just put the put the bed right
in the smack-dab in the middle of it so
that they can walk around it you know
like that
you gonna put carpet in your bathroom
yeah so if they piss into it it won't
come out easy yeah this is nice
does the game take that into account
yeah I'm actually not sure no wait just
move the one you already have don't
already have look they're gonna walk
through his bed like that this is the
shittiest [__] has also appliances
they're gonna need the toilet we'll get
them the shittiest model what is that
even looks like an air conditioner with
a toilet plaintively toy it's got a
septic tank built into it are they gonna
have a shower that Spoony will never use
you got to give them a shower yeah
apparently Doug Walker is the neatest
person got plans otherwise they'll just
always have two hands who ends none of
these coronavirus times hell no there we
go okay that's pretty good right what
else would they need literally nothing I
think they're good where do they do it
well any kind of kitchen but yeah I was
gonna say will they still eat if they
don't have to when they stand eating
like cannibals I think we're gonna have
to put it like their table outside on
the street you just give them an outdoor
kitchen the shitty little Sion table
[__] your [__] it oh [__] if one of
them manages to bring a lady back to
this place I'll be shocked give them
only two chairs
the musical chairs has what electronics
could they possibly need they would need
a computer right we'll give them the
shittiest little $85 TV that's just
outside it's California livin it doesn't
rain out here okay we good looks good
none of them are actually from
California though give them a computer
they do need to upload where's Doug
Walker located state wise I'm not asking
you to Doc's this whole address I don't
know I think he's in like New Mexico or
something
oh he's in Chicago Chicago okay okay I
think we're good what the [__] all these
keys talking about the Illuminati
symbols ah computer they're talking
about money money
sian yeah I don't have liquor if you're
gonna be a baby go sleep in your baby
bed oh no they can't these are for kids
we can't use these beds no you gotta
sell them all god damn it that's a waste
of money can you get like a big
two-person bed and make them share it I
thought you're gonna say big super big
bed making sure I do like that it's
better the love bed now it shouldn't be
any of those beds they're all too
expensive for this when we've got like a
little left yeah we got like 9 grand
tomorrow at the love they can't even
walk past that you're right they can't
come on you might have to expand the
bedroom yeah you might have to like the
idea of that meets just a little bit I
like the if we can have it our way one
of them would have to sleep on the couch
and the other two would have to share a
bed I feel like that would be the most
like these bed the couch and we put this
in here can you do that can you make
them live on the couch I'm not sure
actually
we could try we'll put it here
I like this better this is Doug's bed
he's gonna go vibrate for a while Lee
Kara it's time to look for a job
oh when car is gonna be the breadwinner
huh smells his finger let's see if I can
find a job out here
you like oh he's just vibrating naked in
his bed if only this chair was turned
the other way we can't sit and sit in it
sorry
there you go little guy if only God
could relocate my furniture for me go
sit there he goes he's off to the races
spoonie go talk
this is him typing a script for atop the
fourth wall what is that that's a little
lady on my job finder hacker character
career trek he could be a beta test
that's awesome that's perfect for him
woo Lee cards our first little bread
when are you right
how long chomp guess what I'm gonna be a
hacker okay whatever
is he talking about getting baptized
what is he so what are they supposed to
do now how do we get food you order it
get a phone [__] we don't have a phone
make him play I'm pretty sure you just
need a fridge actually in order but then
you you need at least a microwave or
something to prepare stuff with oh but
you get a refrigerator that's where they
get all their actual put the fridge in
the bathroom okay have a quick breakfast
little guy Rooney's gonna make some mac
and cheese all right yes
all right mainland car is Doug's
vibrating away maybe they should all
find a job he's gonna become buff in
that what they thought in the 90s they
thought you could like do that thing or
put like a belt around you and vibrated
and it would make you
oh my god you're right if anybody ever
believed that well no you know I think I
actual clinics use that I don't know if
anyone believes it makes you buff but I
think people can use it to lose weight
really just getting shaken loses weight
yeah just like anything that makes your
muscles engage in any way oh no you're
getting depressed from a lack of light
that's for like heavy people who are so
heavy that they can't like safely do any
normal exercise mmm but there was
definitely a thing they were selling in
the 90s and in 2000's that a price
they'll sell now it was like a belt that
like electrocutes your stomach and it
just like pulses it sends electrical
pulses and they try to sell it like it's
gonna give you like rock-hard ABS wait
can you believe this she's actually
playing video games instead of working
yeah he would never it could be the
result of the stats you gave him get the
[__] off the computer oh no you know
what screw that let's just turn it off
[__] Spoony it's just okay let's find a
job sorry they going to become wealthy
no absolutely I sure hope so how could
they fail I'm really rootin for him
let's try to do this without cheating
hey get out he's pissing are they
fighting over the toilet I think he's
mad that someone came in while he was
pissing oh look his room went down super
hardcore there what's a room it's it's
literally there it says that they want
rooms with light in them hmm
oh that they can both be hackers let's
do that whoo and my hatchet and your
social security information gets stolen
and you find out the Doug Walker and
Link are behind it what did you do if
the cops showed up to your house and I'm
like you're occupying this residence
illegally the drag you
as you leave you see Doug Walker talking
with a cop saying yes it's me Chrissa me
look I have all the paperwork for this
place I would be happy he made blue
portal oh he's already done it you
dumbass that's all over the carpet in
the bathroom for some reason yeah the
mold is gonna be crazy
mold house this is a final fantasy house
situation I what was the name of the
girl in that I think was Jen yeah I love
that story probably not her real name
Jenova and Hojo that is the coolest
[__] story ever heard of my life it's
got some twists and turns
easy eating a can of soda oh no he
served lunch earlier eat right sturdy
conversation ignored just like in real
life
that's [__] this is the set of
kick-ass yeah let's go tickle them there
you go
yeah well these dude a [__] hater is
that how it went in real life probably I
don't know why all the time he hates it
so much why does he does not let it
happen
watch this whole series gibbsy monetize
because somebody decides it's bullying
yeah although I don't think you could
bully a public figure but that's just my
opinion
no including us we're unbelievable stop
bullying be it has this bullying yeah
he's mad but he's still laughing we're
making them enjoy each other like the
good old days Doug your bladders gonna
explode grab a plate grab a plate and
pee on it yeah this place [__] sucks
he's taken to his couch though this
background drone just makes this there
he goes it's more pathetic I want Doug
to piss himself next wait why are you
this is a hellish yeah
eat that who's laughing to themself he's
watching funny videos is he hacking is
that what his job is no right now he's
just playing video games until tomorrow
the the the carpool is gonna come in the
morning do you want to move the TV to
where the couch is or would it make it
not accessible we can move the couch
back the classic thing you do in the
Sims is you build a pool and then you
take away the ladder when they're in it
so they can't get out
then they drown you wouldn't do that
oh I can't believe we used to sit for
hours and play this yeah I never I never
really got the appeal of the Sims the
SAP played it at friends houses I don't
think I ever owned it so I never really
played for more than an hour yeah for
what I remember was yeah doing like the
pool thing or not giving them a toilet
and making them very very neat so
they'll just like die of not pooping
died if not poopie I said we tickle this
guy one more time and then insult him
and then tease him then sult them again
schedule he's just sitting there hand
like holding a garbage bag and brooding
that sounds like Spoony to when he's
gonna chase him down and tease him now
what that he enjoyed that he liked that
you dig love that so it's Spoony you're
not supposed to like that that nothing
even came of it they were just hanging
out in the bathroom turning on the sink
and flushing the toilet the whole time
I'm just waiting for Doug to oh he's
gonna go recycle yes the miracle of
plumbing I could look at it for hours
this has [__] rocks nature's aquarium
the toilet the
fecal aquarium the only thing they can
really do is play that [__] computer
that's how internet celebrities are made
Chris it's true
okay let's fast-forward all right there
we go
Wow look at him go let's just treat this
as an actual simulator for a little
while yeah and be non-interfering what
are you even there now they're just just
hang out in the bathroom they're [__]
views of the sink well Doug's showering
Oh someone someone made Doody on the
floor is that what that is I think so
did he just spill stove fluid yeah I
don't see how the stove would create
that maybe yeah I guess the only place
they can fill water to boil is in the
bathroom god you're just going through a
lot I've been really depressed on the
ground I don't know what he sounds like
again please leave I just told you to
leave just get out I think he wakes up a
hundred times faster than I do
dude waking up is hard man why is he so
bad about it
Maxon [__] breakfast you dumbass he's
unhygenic and he's he's ruthless I don't
know he's funless hungry and he belongs
room and fully unhygenic poor little guy
I think this would be my breaking point
as well his carpools coming in 15
minutes that he's just now serving
breakfast yeah we're not gonna have time
to shower also where the [__] is my Cara
he's in the shower okay we're good a
solo to the shower how long is the
carpool wait a full hour yeah I think so
I liked it almost all these weird
unhuman Sims actions kind of work for
langar yeah Oh carpool this thing sucks
let's go you guys food the bonnet meet
Adam Scott what are you doing you
[__] he's walking free there Fodor
are you doing he clearly isn't fully
woken up yet good work oh go his suit
was in the garbage I think they're gonna
leave at 8:30 no okay you have till 9:00
I guess you ugly carrot
have a good day boonie bleach trying to
find a job spooning cuz I never have a
good day what is that and I never find a
job
why did it wah-wah-wah when they look
for work don't know oh the computer
broke it [__] broke repair it's Pony
yeah at least do that is he capable
Tamar what's the over-under on this you
think he's gonna be able to do it not on
the first try now what do you think the
problem is Tamar can they build up
skills in this version of the game you
sure yeah what did it go wah-wah-wah
repair repair repair repair go boonie go
that's what Tamar does the music who is
this [__] it's the paper girl what a
miserable [__] Nancy the pickup the
hell out of here don't leave me the
newspaper just bums me out
losers dudes we can't fix computer oh he
just got his 1% little lark dude we can
just [__] with the terrain isn't that
cool you can make critic Melton if you
make a mountain you make a mountain in
front of their house will they be able
to get into it yeah they just walk over
it to climb a mountain to get to their
front door yeah I don't think any of
them are in good enough shape to do that
you're spending a lot of money doing
this awful alright what I've used my
Destructo gun it's this magical
blunderbuss you [__] it yeah I know
it did you say blunderbuss yeah okay
whoa you know after this series we
should really let off the [__] critic
poor guy it's all in good fun you guys
he's happy though he's happy as he ever
expressed any regret happiness no he
makes fun of himself sometimes okay okay
I feel like I'm in a fugue state
watching this man is real does this work
outside for ten hours straight
playing The Sims as a child I would
probably build something crappy like
this as just completely for function
just a room with everything in it like
one of my friends coming home oh you've
been promoted to support tackling Cara
meanwhile Doug has gotten fired time
into Tran tents testing trenches has
earned you a break working on the phone
so that hours are more regular but the
work isn't very entertaining keep up on
the latest technology trends and watch
it for those nifty bugs that slip
through the cracks keep your customers
happy you now work from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
study immediately brought home 150 and
got a bonus of 300 well Sewickley is the
the money yeah
Oh someone pissed - pissed yeah I was
Spoony spoon a ninya pp can they get so
mad that they evict one of their guys or
kill them or something I don't know I
don't know if that happens in this game
I think once this thing reaches the
bottom that killed themselves or
something what happiness yeah Oh
went up Doug's going down with Spoony
damn liquor I had a great day
yeah he's making all these advancements
in his career and his friend started at
the exact same time as in is just kind
of skating by claiming your piss out
here I say ya know you wouldn't have to
do that if you just did in the toilet
like me also I like how the one that you
SPECT out is the cleanliness one
reeks right now he smells shitty let's
turn on our little TV like is that flies
buzzing around
Doug's horrendous stinky form what
spooty that's so [__] rude he turned
on the TV because he's feeling depressed
and then Spoony laid down and I was
yelling at Doug be like I'm trying to
sleep he's standing there I watched the
TV from wherever I please
he wanted to sit down and Spoony lay
across the whole couch look at the Karen
scaling mountains outside ah riveting
day foraging in the mountains he already
has a job look at this little ahead
looking around lawless you taking out
your turds
who needs plumbing the aquarium of the
West my ass there's got to be people I
mean there is people who do that [__]
people in boats blah [__] any of the
oceans a lot of people live in places
that don't have true plumbing and they
just have big septic tanks right but
there's all these like fortune copypasta
stories that are like like sitting at my
computer pullover bag [__] into it
because I'm too lazy to go to the
bathroom it's just like that kind of
stuff hey it's not your bed no spoonie's
like yes well the Masters out I shall
play vibrates moody vibrate Doug's here
having a panic attack while Spoony is
vibrating in his bed if Doug has to
sleep will he jump in bed with Spoony or
will he kick him out like an animal
think of both they can both get in bed
together so Doug would be like Oh
I don't think two people will share a
bed unless they have a really good
relationship right none of these guys
have particularly good relationships
with each other yet slap Linkara
he's going for it that this is him
working up the nerve
spoonie go slip no don't vibrate no that
cost $20 the vibrate why wait each time
you vibrate you spend money you know
what the [__] that's ridiculous
maybe it's a joke on the fact that the
only real versions of these beds are
like the coin up ones at hotels uh yeah
but I bought it
you're spent all our money vibrating
Spoony you [__] loser
go slap him oh he's trying to stay awake
there we go
show him you won't be a prisoner in your
own home you can get past a little go
sir I challenge you just got this wild
thought in his head
furniture
okay go [__] sleep then you big baby
what is that oh yeah that's really nice
bathroom sink he's making the best of a
bad situation you're gonna do this he is
the most likable out of these three so
far really admiring cars ethic he's kept
so productive
despite his situation and he's like
unblocking their [__] [__] what
should we do now you guys I don't know
what can they do can we can we try to
get one of these guys laid they all
canonically have wife's oh right yeah
especially wing car wait I actually
don't know my easier okay
when cars go yeah and look Doug has a
wife though yeah she's she's but he
needs to find her right he needs to we
need to send him out like a little
scouting dolphin the uses sonar find
himself a woman he's got one of these
guys has to get a lady bounty how do you
date that might require an add-on that
we don't yeah this is the sims one
there's nothing good you can really do
except watch your little sims why the
[__] are we playing it I just just sit
like relish in some nostalgia for a
minute I don't know okay I'm sorry I
yelled at you all so we can we can't
download expansion packs I think we can
download yeah there's there is the sims
there is a love based ones Isis is
living it up and then there's the sims
[__] each other and then there's Sims
Pat's Sims beast is the pets that one I
remember what even makes deluxe edition
deluxe edition that